Name: bank

Description: A place where you can store currencies

Interface:
    ----------------------
             BANK

     In the vault:
         Coins: <coinsInBank>
         Magic: <magicInBank>
         Metal Scraps: <metalScrapsInBank>
     In your inventory:
         Coins: <coins>
         Magic: <magic>
         metalScraps: <metal>

Choices:

    Name: withdrawcoins
    Description: withdraw coins from the bank. If you do not have enough, then none will be withdrawn.
    Function: Takes the amount of coins specified out of the bank (Assuming there is enough in your vault).
    Usage: withdrawcoins <amount>
    Requirements: You have at least 1 coin in the bank. If you have less coins in the bank than the amount specified, none will be withdrawn.

    Name: withdrawmagic
    Description: withdraw magic points from the bank. If you do not have enough, then none will be withdrawn.
    Function: Takes the amount of magic specified out of the bank (Assuming there is enough in your vault).
    Usage: withdrawmagic <amount>
    Requirements: You have at least 1 magic point in the bank. If you have less magic in the bank than the amount specified, none will be withdrawn.

    Name: withdrawmetalscraps
    Description: withdraw metal scraps from the bank. If you do not have enough, then none will be withdrawn.
    Function: Takes the amount of metal scraps specified out of the bank (Assuming there is enough in your vault).
    Usage: withdrawmetalscraps <amount>
    Requirements: You have at least 1 metal scrap in the bank. If you have less metal scraps in the bank than the amount specified, none will be withdrawn.

    Name: depositcoins
    Description: deposit coins. If you do not have enough, then none will be deposited.
    Function: Puts the amount of coins specified into the bank (Assuming there is enough in your inventory).
    Usage: depositcoins <amount>
    Requirements: You have at least 1 coin in your inventory. If you have less coins in your inventory than the amount specified, none will be withdrawn.

    Name: depositmagic
    Description: deposit magic points. If you do not have enough, then none will be deposited.
    Function: Puts the amount of magic points specified into the bank (Assuming there is enough in your inventory).
    Usage: depositmagics <amount>
    Requirements: You have at least 1 magic in your inventory. If you have less magic in your inventory than the amount specified, none will be withdrawn.

    Name: depositmetalscraps
    Description: deposit metal scraps. If you do not have enough, then none will be deposited.
    Function: Puts the amount of metal scraps specified into the bank (Assuming there is enough in your inventory).
    Usage: depositmetalscraps <amount>
    Requirements: You have at least 1 metal scrap in your inventory. If you have less metal scraps in your inventory than the amount specified, none will be withdrawn.

    Name: back
    Description: Moves you back to the menu
    Function: Moves you back to the menu
    Usage: back
    Requirements: None

Entering:
    None

Leaving:
    None

Extra Info:
    None
